Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-mvc-scheduler-appointment-edit-form: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E4676)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Scheduler for ASP.NET MVC - A simple implementation of an appointment edit form

> This example illustrates a simple implementation of custom appointment edit form. You can find the form view in the following file: [CustomAppointmentFormPartial.cshtml](./CS/Views/Home/CustomAppointmentFormPartial.cshtml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates a simple implementation of a custom appointment edit form. You can find the form view in the following file: [CustomAppointmentFormPartial.cshtml](./CS/Views/Home/CustomAppointmentFormPartial.cshtml).
```

## Implementation Details

> Below are some important points concerning the example implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following list covers important aspects of example implementation:
```
